Fix documentation for TLS in 4.7 Framework (#13817)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/network-programming/tls.md

### For HTTP networking

> <xref:System.Net.ServicePointManager>, using .NET Framework 4.7 and later versions, will use the default security protocol configured in the OS. To get the default OS choice, if possible, don't set a value for the <xref:System.Net.ServicePointManager.SecurityProtocol> property which equals to <xref:System.Net.SecurityProtocolType.SystemDefault>.

Reviewer: I think this change is a good one.

```suggestion
<xref:System.Net.ServicePointManager>, using .NET Framework 4.7 and later versions, will use the default security protocol configured in the OS. To get the default OS choice, if possible, don't set a value for the <xref:System.Net.ServicePointManager.SecurityProtocol> property, which defaults to <xref:System.Net.SecurityProtocolType.SystemDefault>.
```

> The <xref:System.Net.SecurityProtocolType.SystemDefault> setting will cause the <xref:System.Net.ServicePointManager> to use only the default TLS protocol configured in the operating system. This means on Windows 7 it will use TLS 1.0 and on Windows 8 and 10 it will use TLS 1.2.

Reviewer: I feel like this just reiterates the previous paragraph. I think this should be more of a warning that the application may behave differently on different OS.

```suggestion
Because the <xref:System.Net.SecurityProtocolType.SystemDefault> setting causes the <xref:System.Net.ServicePointManager> to use the default security protocol configured by the operating system, your application may run differently based on the OS it's run on. For example, Windows 7 SP1 uses TLS 1.0 while Windows 8 and Windows 10 use TLS 1.2.
```
